?????? ONASANDER PRE-ICO IS LIVE! ??????

HOW TO BUY ONA TOKENS:
ICO investors can purchase ONA tokens from our website: https://Onasander.com

Send ETH to:0x5884c40ddEd55b5649A1AaA677A750eaD35E3043

Join our Telegram Group here https://t.me/onasanderico for real time updates

Token Ticker - ONA
Pre-ICO price: $0.40
MVP/Prototype - Available
Platform - Ethereum
Accepted CryptoCurrency - ETH/BTC/EURO/USD
Minimum investment - 0.1 ETH
Soft cap - 5,000,000 USD
Hard cap - 50,000,000 USD
Whitelist/KYC - None

©This is to officially #announce the commencement of our Pre-ICO, it is the first from Onasander, a decentralised #investment #bank on the #blockchain. Onasander is a unique asset price #analysis #software which is used by our fund management experts to make profitable investment decisions, and subsequently #pay every ONA token holder 10% #dividend quarterly.








Onasander - First Decentralized Investment Bank

https://Onasander.com

Executive Summary
This is our ICO for building the first decentralized investment bank crowdfunded using blockchain technology.  The plan to open up an investment bank is to build an investment fund first.  The fund, including our ICO tokens will be backed by tradable assets of this world.  Simply put, by entire world economy.  With time and trading the fund will be big enough to be converted into an investment bank.

Highlights
The investment fund will pay 10% dividend to all of our Onasander ONA token holders, as percentage of profits will be quarterly distributed to those who invested in our company.  Onasander fund will turn regular profits, because of our experience, and because of its unique Asset Price Analysis Software called Onasander.  

Objectives
Our goal is to execute a very successful ICO, open up an investment fund, and take advantage of the upcoming stock recession, volatility, and price swings, all along benefitting our investors with dividends, and high token valuations.  With time, the objective will be to manage wealth for our clients and grow the bank.

Mission Statement
The climate for opening up an investment fund is perfect.  We are living in interesting times.  Free money flowing from central banks to in debt and bankrupt governments around the world created a major global bubble in many asset classes, where prices have reached an extreme.  We are standing in front of an opportunity to open up a financial institution and make tremendous financial gains right from the start.  The upcoming recession in the world financial markets will create price volatility, and opportunities for years to come.  Using our unique Onasander trading software, we can foresee price movements and benefit from it.  

Keys to Success
The Asset Price Analysis Software is the key to our success.  Our market tools developed over two decades have no competition in the financial world.  They allow us to predict market moves, see upcoming recessions, identify bubbles, find major tops, spot asset price bottoms, and successfully trade in all market conditions. 