Onasander Bearish Market Call From May 2018.  
This Chart and Post will bring https://Onasander.com many investors in the future.  

Assets in Chart Below are Overpriced
Trade with Us: https://Onasander.com/Services

#investments #Crypto #trading #ico #cryptotrading


Onasander Trading Services Announced
Trade with Us: Crypto Currencies, Stocks, All Major Assets

https://onasander.com/services.html 
Crypto and Stock Market Calls are FREE until we build a Following

#investments #Crypto #trading #ico #cryptotrading




Onsander Trading Services

Crypto Trading
Onasander.com offers Crypto Currency Trading Services with Ratings, Stock Trading Calls and All Asset Class Investment Calls. Our Trading Services will be offered for free until we build a following. Later on, we will offer these services to our exclusive clients only. Knowing the trading history of our trading software, we are confident our trading calls will raise eye brows and build enough of a following to open up our investment fund from client fees alone. Join our Onasander Telegram Channel  https://t.me/OnasanderICO for all updates and announcements.

Our Crypto Currency Trading Services analyze top Crypto currencies and apply Onasander Rankings (trademarked) to them. Using our Rankings investors will know what to do during all market conditions. We will publish our rankings every week for free on our websites and all of our social media sites. Once this becomes a paid service, our clients will be able to see the Onasander Crypto Ranking update itself live based on price. This service when live, will be priced at $100 per month.

Stock Trading
Onasander Stock Market Trading Calls are very precise trades on the LONG side. Clients who follow this service will make money on the Stock market, but they must be very serious about trading, and they must be available next to their trading stations during market hours, as most deals don't last longer than a day under this service. This service is for intermediate and experienced traders.

All Assets Trading and Investing
Do not sign up for this service until we are able to present trading history for it. With time, the market will offer deals, we will post these trades here and on our social media websites in order to have a valid timestamp for our Stock Market Calls and attract investors that way. This offer will be free for about 1 year, and then it will become a paid service with a price of $1,000 per month. 

This is our Premium Trading and Investing across All Asset Classes service. This service is for experienced investors and institutions. The purpose of this service is to deliver longer term investment signals to investors with bigger budgets. At Onasander we track almost every tradeable asset class and we always know when to enter and exit each trade.

Asset price analysis and trading is the pinnacle of our company. This service is limited to no more than 10 investors only. Please contact us for more information or schedule a call with us for more information. 


https://onasander.com/images/trading/trading_services.png
